Update Custom Domains page with new a/cname record (#1967)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/v2/custom-domains.mdx

Once the domain has been added, you will be presented with different methods for configuring it, depending on whether it is an [**apex domain**](/docs/v2/platform/glossary#apex-domain) (example.com) or **subdomain** (docs.example.com).

**Apex domains** can be configured with a **A** record, while **subdomains** can be configured with a **CNAME** record.
Both domain types can also be configured using the **Nameservers** method.

#### Apex Domains

You can configure [apex domains](/docs/v2/platform/glossary#apex-domain) either with a **A** record or through the **Nameservers** method.

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/custom-domains/configure-apex-domain.png`}
  width={1496 / 2}
  height={658 / 2}
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Instructions on configuring an <strong>apex domain</strong> from the Project Domains page.</Caption>

#### Subdomains

> You can configure [apex domains](/docs/v2/platform/glossary#apex-domain) either with a **CNAME** record or through the **Nameservers** method.

Reviewer: Should this not be subdomains?

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure subdomains either with a **CNAME** record or through the **Nameservers** method.
```
